Incorporate publisher edits C03 - doc (#144)
tidy-survey-r/tidy-survey-book: 03-survey-data-documentation.Rmd

knitr::include_graphics(path="images/questionnaire-ncvs-weapon.jpg")
```

> The NCVS codebook includes coding for all multiple response variables of a "lead-in" variable that summarizes the individual options. For question 23a on the weapon type, the lead-in variable is V4050, which is shown in Figure \@ref(fig:understand-ncvs-weapon-cb) [@ncvs_cb_2020]. This variable is then followed by a set of variables for each weapon type. An example of one of the individual variables from the codebook, the handgun, is shown in Figure \@ref(fig:understand-ncvs-weapon-cb-hg) [@ncvs_cb_2020]. We will dive into how to analyze this variable in Chapter \@ref(c11-missing-data).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For these multiple response variables (select all that apply) the NCVS codebook includes what they call a "lead-in" variable that summarizes the response. This lead-in variable provides metadata information on how a respondent answered the question. For example, question 23a on the weapon type, the lead-in variable is V4050 (shown in Figure \@ref(fig:understand-ncvs-weapon-cb)) indicates if quality and type of response [@ncvs_cb_2020]. In the codebook, this variable is then followed by a set of variables for each weapon type. An example of one of the individual variables from the codebook, the handgun (V4051), is shown in Figure \@ref(fig:understand-ncvs-weapon-cb-hg) [@ncvs_cb_2020]. We will dive into how to analyze this variable in Chapter \@ref(c11-missing-data).
```
